It's time for us to talk about loop


engineering. I was hoping this would


just blow over after a couple weeks. I


was hoping a cracked engineer would call


this stupid phrase what it really is,


but no one has. So, I'll do it myself.


Forget about loop engineering. It's the


wrong way to think about building


valuable software with agents at scale


consistently. Loop engineering is a


terrible rebrand of the software


development life cycle. It's as unclear


as it is hype-filled. In this video, we


simplify loop engineering and call it


what it really is. If you understand


this concept properly, we're going to


break down in this video, [music]


you'll accelerate far ahead of the AI


industry. Clarity and simplicity of


information gives you [music] speed and


performance in your work. It's much more


valuable and helpful to think about


building with [music] agents as if


you're building developer workflows


inside your software factory. Your props


[music] go into your software factory. A


specific workflow runs. Each workflow


[music] is a combination of code plus


agents and then your results [music]


come out. Forget about loop engineering.


Focus your valuable engineering time and


tokens on building AI developer


workflows.


So, first off, who am I to go up against


big ideas from AI engineers like Boris


Churnney from Anthropic and Peter


Steinberg, now from OpenAI? If you


already know who I am and the work I've


done, or you don't care, skip to this


timestamp. My name is Dan Eisler aka


Indie Dev Dan. I'm a software engineer


with over 15 years of EXP. I started out


building Adobe Flash games with Action


Script 2 and three with my brothers. I


interned at Blizzard and then I quickly


moved into the finance and accounting


space programming in C, TypeScript,


Python, God awful React and God bless


Evanu for creating Vue. I was AI coding


before anyone had a name for it with


tools like Ader and classic models like


GPT3.5 Turbo, GPT4, and Sonnet 3. Tools


and models you've probably never heard


of or used. I own the domain name


agenticengineer.com


where thousands of engineers you've


heard of from companies you know have


improved their agentic engineering


thanks to information products I've


built by hand. But anyone can pick up a


domain name and create a course though,


right? Sure. I also have an irrefutable


trail of code and content for engineers


on GitHub and this YouTube channel every


single week for years now. You can see


myself and engineers that follow this


channel consistently ahead of the curve


of the AI industry. I don't just farm


news for views like every other tech


content creator. On this channel, we


think, plan, and build. Every few


months, it's important for me to sit


down and say this. I'm not a content


creator. I'm a software engineer that


does content creation on the side. Why?


Because this technology is too valuable


to fall into the hands of a lucky few.


And yes, I sell courses. And yes, I


benefit from it. Big whoop. Don't do


anything you're great at for free.


Welcome to capitalism. Enough about me.


I don't show up here every single Monday


to gloat and talk about myself. I show


up here to give engineers like you an


advantage you can use to accelerate your


career, your work, your business, your


engineering in the age of AI, no hype.


So, forget about loop engineering and


focus on this instead. There are now


three actors of value creation for


engineering work. The engineers like you


and I, there are the agents and there's


the code. Knowing when and where to


place each of these is the name of the


game of agentic engineering. And you


might be thinking, where is he going


with this? How does this relate to loop


engineering and developer workflows?


Stick with me here. We're going to work


up to it. If you master the


fundamentals, you'll master the


compositions. Everyone in their AI


psychosis seems to forget code is fast,


always runs the same way unless you tell


it not to. And guess what? It costs


nothing. There are no token costs


associated with code. the thing that


truly moves at light speed. There's a


hidden cost to implementing every single


one of these actors of value creation.


Everyone's talking about agents. We're


all well aware of the cost of engineers,


but code is the unsung hero of all of


this. Consistent value creation creates


consistent business value. And out of


these three, code is the most reliable


by miles followed by engineers [music]


and then agents. So let's start with the


most basic developer workflow.


An engineer prompts an LLM and the


engineer reviews the result. This is the


simple foundation that makes up every


single loop, every single workflow,


every single piece of work moving


forward. Now, of course, we're not just


using the LLM anymore. In this central


node, we have an agent. Insert your


favorite agent. Insert your favorite


model. It doesn't matter anymore. It's


about the workflow that you and I


execute every single day. Great. Let's


scale it up. Now, we have code, agents,


and engineers all involved in the


process. We're building up to more and


more advanced developer workflows.


You'll notice something really important


here. We now have code. In this case,


we're just running a llinter. We have a


condition. If the llinter fails, the


results go back into our build agent. If


they're successful, it passes. This


condition and this routing back to our


build agent creates our first loop.


Hence the term loop engineering. But


loop engineering is too simple. It's too


inaccurate. And there's a lot more to


this story. So what comes next? How can


we continue to enhance our developer


workflow to get better results? We can


of course add more deterministic code.


Now we have multiple pass fill


statements routing back into our build


agent. Your codeex, your cloud code,


your pi coding agent, whatever your


agent harness is. This is the foundation


of what it means to build with agents.


Now you have three actors in this.


Engineers, agents, and raw code. You


have to leverage them all in the right


location at the right time. Here we're


adding a code formatter. It doesn't


matter what language you're in. linting


your code, formatting your code, type


check your code, and then keep scaling


up the validation loops to run back into


your agents. Once again, you'll see here


these conditions is what makes up what


is called the loop. But there's a lot


more going on here. This is really a


workflow of how information travels


within a system. Okay, keep scaling it


up. What comes next? We can add more


code. A very valuable piece of code here


is testing your code. So test. Now we


take all these results, feed it back


into our build agent over and over and


over until the results all pass. And


that gives us our final engineering


review. You'll notice a pattern here.


You and I always show up at the ends.


These are the two constraints of a


gentic engineering. Prompting, also


known as planning, and reviewing, also


known as validation. If you're a gent


engineering at scale properly, you're


showing up at the beginning and the end


with a few exceptions. Your AI developer


workflows start simple like this, but


they should continue to grow. Real


engineering work looks a lot more


complex than this, [music] right? What


do we do next?


We can scale all of our testing, all of


our validation, all of our linting, all


of our type checking into a single test


agent. So now we're scaling our compute


to scale our impact. We're adding


compute to add confidence. Now you can


imagine we've handed this test agent all


the things we want to do to test. And if


something goes wrong, we send the


context back to the build agent. If it


passes, the engineer reviews and then we


can ship the deliverable. We can ship


the code. All right. So notice a couple


themes working here. As you scale up


your developer workflows, you add agents


and you add code. But what you don't


want to add is more engineering effort


outside of building the system that


builds the system. Let's keep scaling


this up. Let's add planning to the


workflow. You're very familiar with


these ideas, right? We're building


workflows. These are all steps that you


and I, the engineer, used to take and


used to execute ourself, right? We would


plan work, we would build the work, we


would test the work, we would then have


another engineer review the work, and


then we would finally ship it into


production. All right? It's a developer


workflow and all we've done here is


added AI to it. The loops is just one


piece of it. You can call it loop


engineering but it's inaccurate and it's


not encapsulating the whole picture. If


we have loop engineering, we need to


have condition engineering and then we


need to have function engineering and


then we need to have a word plus


engineering for every type of control


flow inside of the software development


life cycle which is going to go on


forever. Okay. So a very popular pattern


is to push each one of your agents into


their own work tree. This creates


isolation. This creates parallelism.


This lets you do more work in parallel.


And there's a nice side effect here


where the agents don't trip over each


other. So, guess what we're going to do?


We're going to write another prompt. And


this time, we're going to write a prompt


into a piece of code that's going to


build our work trees. All right. So,


here we have a deterministic piece of


code that's going to kick off multiple


work trees based on the prompt. And then


we're going to execute several different


agents running in line. So we have once


again scaled our compute to scale our


impact. We have multiple work trees


running our plan, build, test, review,


merge, ship pipeline, our developer


workflow. The workflow you and I used to


go through as engineers building by


hand. Now we have AI, hence AI developer


workflows. And this is really important


to think through. This is where you


should focus in your engineering time.


How can I combine the three actors of


value creation, engineers, agents, and


code to create workflows that execute


large amounts of work on my behalf, on


behalf of my company, on behalf of your


users and products? That's the name of


the game. Okay, so great, we have work


trees. Work trees are um like I like to


say, a great place to start, not a great


place to end. There are a lot of


problems with work trees. We can do one


better by giving our agents each their


own sandbox. Okay? So instead of


spinning up work trees, we're now giving


every single agent their own computer,


right? Their own agent sandbox to


operate. Because once you do this, you


have full isolation. You yourself can


jump into the sandbox to look at the


work, look at the result, look at the


web page, look at the tests, look at the


application, whatever you need to do, do


your review. And then of course once all


the work comes back in you merge and you


ship. So once again notice the three


actors of value creation working


together. And notice how your ability to


create these AI developer workflows is


your ability to scale your impact with


agents. It's designing these AI


developer workflows that is the most


value accreative thing an engineer can


do. Hence the term I like to say on the


channel all the time. You want to be


building the system that builds the


system. Okay? As you can see here,


you'll start to see similarities in


these workflows with a lot of work


you've seen, a lot of work that you've


done, and hopefully work that you're


building into your teams, your


co-workers, your business, your tools


themselves. Okay? We're just getting


started, [laughter] right? Uh real work


gets more and more complex. And this is


the art and science of agentic


engineering. So, let's keep scaling it.


A very common thing to do as you


continue to progress is to set up a


conbon board, some type of ticket


system. Input comes from all over your


organization, right? It comes from


support, it comes from product, and it


comes from engineers, right? So now


things get interesting because now we


have a new unit, a new wrapper around


our code, right? We have some type of


ticketing system. And so once again,


like there's this really important


delineation that I make inside of


tactical agentic coding. And it is this


idea of the agentic layer. The agents,


the prompts, the skills, the system


prompts that wrap your application are


the thing to be focused on right now.


Because when you put those together with


your code, with your system, with your


entire team and your organization, you


are agentic engineering. Agentic


engineering is not just about the


agents. Spoiler alert, it's about your


team and most importantly your users and


putting together the most valuable stack


of the actors of value creation. Okay,


so conbon board, right? Let's let's jump


into this. What does this look like?


Okay, so for most teams, your tickets


are then analyzed by your engineer who


actually knows what's going on and


they'll translate that into a mid to


low-level prompt that you'll then pass


into another full workflow, another


agent sandbox. But some advanced teams


if you're teaching your organization how


to write prompts well enough and as


models become more capable uh you can


skip your engineer input prompt here


right because your engineer's job should


be building the system we act on the


meta layer we act on the layer that can


compound across our organization okay so


advanced teams can skip the engineering


prompt if this step is done properly all


right but so you know this is code right


conbon boards it's just code there are


no agents there then we enter the meat


of our workflow where we run code to


move that ticket into planning. Guess


what happens next? Our agents take over


the pipeline. We'll have a scout agent


look for all the code, look for all the


tickets, look for all the documentation,


look for previous spec files, and then


it'll hand that to a plan agent. Right?


So, we're splitting up our searching and


our planning between two agents here.


Once again, scaling compute, scaling


impact. And after that happens, you


know, plan phase is complete. So, we run


code to update our ticket to move


context to do some specific work inside


of our sandbox. And then of course our


build agent kicks off. And you know what


happens from here. You've done it a


million times yourself. And now with


agents, your build agent moves it into


testing after it's done. And then your


test agent tests, right? This individual


loop, which is just one part of the


developer workflow, executes until the


result passes. And then we're going to


run our CI/CD. And guess what can happen


here? This can pass or it can fail and


go right back to the build agent to


resolve the issues. All right. And then


we get outside the sandbox. Engineer


reviews the code. You know what this


looks like now? Fail, pass, ship. Right?


So you can see this is much more than


just prompt engineering. It's much more


than context engineering. It's much more


than harness engineering. It's much more


than loop engineering. This is about how


teams move as an organism with all the


actors inside. Okay? And if you're a


small solo dev shop, same deal, right?


It's about how you and your agents work


together with code to generate valuable


results. But this isn't the end. The


future of engineering is vast. Okay,


let's keep pushing this. What happens


next? Let's let's imagine another


scenario here. Imagine you have a


support crisis. Production is down.


Okay, production has crashed. So, what


AI developer workflow do you have


planned in your organization right now


when production goes down? How are you


leveraging engineers, agents, and code


to resolve this issue and to stop your


business from leaking cash as your


production system is down? Let's walk


through it, okay? Because we've thought


through this, right? We've designed,


we've architected the AI developer


workflow to account for this situation.


Support files a ticket. In our case


here, this goes right to Slack. It goes


right to Teams, goes right to your


communication channel, and one of your


cracked engineers picks this up


immediately. What do they do? They


prompt a scout agent that routes right


into a hot fix agent. Your hot fix agent


has a specialized set of mental memory.


It's an agent expert that knows and is


prioritized to get things fixed. It's


not doing things the right way. It's not


doing things the fancy way. It's not


optimizing anything. It's getting the


fix out ASAP and nothing else. This is a


surgical hotfix agent, a custom agent


that you have specialized, that you've


templated your engineering into. Now,


what happens here? Human in the loop.


This is a hot fix. We need to know the


solution is going to work. So you put in


human effort, right? You use engineering


effort to approve or reject. This


creates a single loop. All right? If we


approve, guess what happens? We're going


to build up a bunch of sandboxes to run


the solution in parallel. And guess


what? We're using multiple sandboxes. I


want the first fastest agent that has


the solution to win. Okay? Whatever your


compute budget is, you'll scale this up.


You'll scale this down. If you're in a


production system that's complex, you


might want three, five, 10 agents


running and racing toward a solution in


their own agent sandbox, you don't care.


You have the compute, you've done the


agentic engineering to scale your


impact. And guess what happens here? You


already know what happens. It runs its


individual loop in their sandbox. And


then it passes or fails. If it fails, it


goes right back to your hot fix agent


and to you to resolve. And of course, if


it's all successful, you the engineer


validate it and you get the hot fix


shipped ASAP. Okay. A question for you


and your organization. Do you have an


agentic workflow for production crashes?


Can you get that resolved in record time


using the three actors of value creation


in the age of agents? Engineers, agents,


and code. All three. Okay, this


continues to scale and scale and scale.


Let's push these workflows further.


After some point, what you get is a


structure like this.


And this is what really starts turning


into a software factory. Okay, you'll


see here we have many different types of


specialized agent sandbox workflows.


Some are for chores, one is for a bug,


one is for a feature, one is for this


hot fix that we just walked through. And


you get the idea here, right? Any


specialized AI developer workflow you


need can be built and routed to thanks


to your routing system. Okay, this is


the art and science of agentic


engineering, right? This is all of it


put together. The loops are just one


small piece of this picture. I hope you


can see that. Now, in all this is a


great level of prompt context harness


engineering. There are a million ways to


do this. There are a million different


multi- aent orchestration patterns to


build into this. The key here is this.


is that you have the right combination


at the right time to push engineering


work through end to end with agents with


code with engineers. Okay, I know I'm


repeating myself. I'm doing it on


purpose. Most success in any domain is


about doing a few things and saying a


few things and focusing on a few things


over and over and over. Let's walk


through a full software factory. You can


imagine how this looks, right? Let's


keep with a conbon ticket example. Now,


anyone can file a ticket. This is a


feature. This is a bug. This is a chore.


Advanced teams are going to skip wasting


engineering time transferring your


conbon ticket into a low-level or


mid-level engineering breakdown of what


needs to happen. Advanced teams are


going to go right to kicking off a


software factory. The moment your conbon


ticket lands, once the factory starts,


it's going to mark that ticket in


progress and move it. And now we have a


factory router agent. This could just be


a simple LLM call. This could be some


deterministic code. The exact nodes are


up to you to decide, but you get the


idea here. I'm going to throw a factory


agent here to intake the results. Do a


quick look at the codebase, understand


what AI developer workflow we need to


execute for the system. First though,


we're going to set up a sandbox. We're


not limiting our agents anymore. We know


that agents are going to continue to


expand. This is what the CPU crunch is


all about. CPUs are getting wiped off


the board outside of scaling RL and


other ML engineering related work. Agent


sandboxes are going to, I can guarantee


you this, be the majority of computers


out there in the world. You and I will


be using fewer and fewer devices while


our agents continue to scale up and use


more sandboxes. Okay, but set up the


sandbox. After that, our agent has


already decided what type of workflow we


need to get the job done at the best


price, at the best performance, and at


the right speed. Because as you likely


know, you're not going to run your hot


fix AI developer workflow or your


feature AI developer workflow where


you're scaling out your very best


agents. Maybe your build agent is a


workhorse model, but your planner and


your scouters are going to be


state-of-the-art model so nothing gets


missed. Of course, there's a whole slew


of multi- aent orchestration work that


can happen here. But the whole point is


you're not going to deploy your heavy AI


developer workflows for a chore, right?


for your chore. Throw a single agent at


this with a workhorse model, maybe even


a lightweight model. Build it, run the


lint, run the CI/CD, engineer reviews


it, and ship it out. We'll talk about


ZTE in a second, but the best teams are


going to start dropping off engineering


review because they've built the best


system possible that they know is going


to execute for them. But every single


unique workflow is unique for a reason,


right? There are multiple workflows you


want to build out here, multiple AI


developer workflows you should be


building out, not just one. I'll give my


recommendation some really, really great


practices you can use when building


these out in a moment here. But the


general rule of thumb is just to start


simple. Once you start scaling this up,


what you're going to end up with is a


software factory. A software factory


that can operate your application as


well. And if you're doing it right,


better than you and your engineering


team. This is why all your effort, all


of your effort goes into this. Now, the


agentic layer, right? This is the al the


agentic layer, not the app layer. The


app layer is for your agents. The the


best engineering teams never touch the


product themselves. Okay, I know this


might be like controversial. Some


engineers are going to hate hearing


this, but the best teams are doing meta


work on the agentic layer. They're


building the system that builds the


system. That is the central thesis


inside of tactical agentic coding.


Thousands of engineers know that and


you're going to figure it out too sooner


or later. Okay, that doesn't mean you


can't jump into the app to do work. But


when you have a successful product


scaled with users, the name of the game


is this. Building a software factory


that operates everything better than you


alone could, better than code alone


could, and better than agents alone


could. Right? Three actors of value


creation, agents, engineers, code. Where


does that all lead us? It leads us to


the simple conclusion that it's not a


loop you're after. It's an AI developer


workflow. Okay, you might be, you know,


listening to this and thinking, but you


you drew a million loops. Like, isn't


this a loop? Fine. If you want to call


it a loop, I don't really care. I think


a loop is too constrained. If you're


going to call it a loop, we're going to


need if engineer, we're going to need


throw engineering. We're going to need


exception engineering, right? We're


going to need to name all these things


engineering. This is a developer


workflow. This used to be what engineers


did. Engineers used to decide if


something was a chore, if something was


a bug. We used to write the plan, we


used to execute it, so on and so forth.


But now we have a new tool and that's


all it is. It's a new tool. We have


agents to work with that gives us AI


developer workflows. Okay. So at the


highest levels of agentic engineering,


you're building software factories that


execute the right work and the right


combination of engineers, agents, and


code across your organization. Once you


really start to scale it up, you're


going to add your other teammates,


right? Your other team members from


other cross cutting concerns inside of


your business. But at the core of it,


the engineers are responsible for the


code. Okay? I think a lot of orgs are


going to have a a problem with this once


they start scaling in and adding other


team members, right? Especially ones


that can't write clear tickets for the


life of them. You've seen this a million


times, right? It's the most painful


thing when your product manager, your


your CTO, your your tech lead [laughter]


just writes a ticket and you have


to translate it, right? So there's


there's a lot of like, you know, people


organizational level work to be done


here. But you at the end of the day, you


know, you the engineer plus the agents


plus the code making up the AI developer


workflow. This is what it's all about.


This is where value is going to be


created at absurd levels, at absurd


scales. Because once you get this right,


here's the dirty secret of all software,


right? You already know it. Once you get


this right, you set up the right


guardrails, the right harness, right?


Again, prompt, context, harness


engineering, all of it. Once you do this


right, you have a repeatable workflow


that you can run tens, hundreds, and


thousands of times, delivering


consistent results to you over and over


and over again if you template your


engineering into the fabric of your AI


developer workflows. Okay? And so I've


been pushing against out of the box


agents for a long time. Um, you know,


specialization is the name of the game.


What is a product? What is a company?


Right? Unless you're a big tech giant,


like a product in a company is a a set


of people in technology that solve a


specific problem for a specific avatar


for a specific user for a specific


customer. By very definition is


specialization, right? Your expertise is


the most valuable thing you have now.


And you can template that into your


engineering. You can template that into


your AI developer workflows. All right,


this is the greatest leverage point of


agentic coding. It's building out these


full AI developer workflows that puts it


all together. Okay, and so you know once


again we are pushing away from vibe


coding. This is not vibe coding. Vibe


coding is not knowing how the system


works and it's not looking at how the


system works. Okay, agentic engineering


is knowing your system works so well you


don't have to look. And that is because


you the engineer have moved up a layer.


You're meta-engineering. You're


compounding an advantage by optimizing


the three actors of agentic engineering


engineer code agents into the right


developer workflow at the right time at


the right performance at the right price


with the right speed. And after time


you'll realize something really


important is that you'll be building AI


developer workflows into your products


for your customers right with your


customers as nodes and then as mentioned


with your companies every user that can


prompt into the system and receive


results out the system right you have to


design this system it's just another


system


so I've written hundreds and probably


thousands of these AI developer


workflows by now. So, let me give you


the oil of everything I've learned so


far with what I've seen and what I've


recommended to engineers as they're


building out their ADWs. Um, first off,


keep it simple. When you start building


these out, start with the simplest


workflow you can think of, right? And


typically that looks something like


this, right? After you get an agent


running, you prompt back and forth and


you're babysitting your agent. Everyone


knows what this looks like. Just let it


lent your code. You know, to be clear,


so that you can really feel this.


Separate this out. I'm not saying write


a skill, have your agent build, and then


at the bottom of the skill, run lint.


Separate this out. Use an agent SDK, run


a build agent, do work, and then run a


llinter. And when the llinter fails,


pass that back into the build agent with


the same session ID. You have to


separate your code and your agents.


Otherwise, you just have an agent


calling code. That's not what we want.


We want separation of concerns all the


way through. If that doesn't make sense


to you right now, don't worry. It'll


make sense once you start building it.


This is not a big skill where you run a


hundred different nodes of workflows.


There are massive testing, massive


validation problems with doing that. And


then what do you do after that? You add


a couple nodes, right? Start solving


real problems. Run your type checker,


run your llinter. If things go wrong,


funnel it back into your build agent.


What you'll notice here is that you're


starting to build a larger unit, a


larger system that operates without you.


You show the beginning and the end. the


two constraints of agent coding,


planning and reviewing, and your system


does everything else. Okay? And then


once you get to a certain point, you'll


start separating out your agents. You'll


start specializing your agents. Maybe


you want to separate your front end and


your back end. Maybe you want building


and testing. Again, the key here is just


that you separate the context out so


that your context can move between


individual agents and code. When you're


starting, remember KISS, keep it simple,


stupid. You can absolutely start with


pure skill-based workflows where it's


all one skill outside of the prompt and


the review. But as soon as you start


productionizing, as soon as you run to


get serious about your AWS, you must


separate code out of the skills because


that's still your agent running it,


right? You have to be super super clear


about those steps so that you can set up


the proper guard rails and information


flows in your AI developer workflows. My


next really big piece of advice here is


design your ADWs by doing the work


yourself first. For a lot of engineers,


this will sound insanely painful, but


you can like, you know, use your agent


in the terminal. Run the build workflow.


Do the testing, right? You can still use


your agent for that. I'm not saying do


it by hand. That would be a waste of


time now. But what I am saying is


whatever workflow you're setting up, run


it end to end. Step into each node


yourself. run the pass, run the


condition, watch the functions get


executed, do the review, and then do the


ship to production and then start


writing this all as a combination of


agents, engineers, and code. And I


recommend you take something like


mermaid. And you know, by the way, this


is like a adaptation of mermaid diagram.


I had an agent create using a plan build


test AI developer workflow in one shot.


I created a animated application which


is of course based on a mermaid diagram.


Okay, so shout out to mermaid. Shout out


to mermaid.live. But that's my second


piece of advice, right? Walk through it


all yourself first. Sit down pencil and


a piece of paper or use mermaid or use


whatever. Really sit down and like write


out your workflow. And then lastly, make


sure you're not just using agents,


right? Use agents and code. As I


mentioned, you can always start with


agents and skills, but as soon as you


start hitting production, as soon as you


want to get serious, move some of that


skill work into code. This is not just


about token cost. This is about


performance, reliability, and speed.


Again, everyone in their AI psychosis


has like forgotten that speed costs zero


tokens. There's no hallucination. It


does the exact same thing every time.


And it literally runs at the speed of


light. So, don't overleverage on agents.


Okay? Balance it out with actual code,


right? Code execution. And yes, there's


information orchestration. There is this


is what context engineering is. You're


going to need a place for all the


results in between each step. Yes, it's


going to take some time. Yes, it's going


to be a little knowing. Yes, during the


process, you'll wonder, I should just


throw this all in the skill. You'll be


wrong down the road. I can guarantee you


that. I've been there. Don't waste your


time doing other engineers have


already done wrong. Separate it out as


you scale this. Okay, so that's the big


third tip. Use agents and code. Okay,


because agents plus code beats either


alone, especially when you start really


scaling these into legitimately large AI


developer workflows that do serious work


for you and your organization. Why?


Because you're going to need to test


this node. You're going to need to test


plan into build. You're going to need to


test plan into build and to update the


status and to testing and to fail. This


is all still a system you the engineer


are responsible for. So keep using great


classic engineering patterns,


isolatable, decoupled, single interface,


right? All that stuff matters probably


even more, right? It matters even more


now because once you do it right and you


set up your AI developer workflow, it


gets multiplied hundreds and thousands


of times and your agents plus your code


can drive the outcomes for you. Okay?


So, you know, let's step away from the


vibes a little bit and let's step out


away from the AI psychosis a little bit


because if we're going to do serious


agentic engineering, you need to know


what's going to happen in your system.


So, if you made it to the end here, I


want to just say thank you for trusting


me. For everyone that's been with the


channel for a while, for years now, you


know, big shout out to you. I appreciate


you trusting me and following along this


massive journey of Agentic Engineering


that we're on. Um, if you want more, I


recommend you check out


agenticengineer.com, specifically


tactical agentic coding. As I mentioned,


I've been pretty early to a lot of these


ideas. In tactical agent coding, you're


going to hear a lot of what I just said


really broken down step by step across


eight lessons and then six additional


upgradable lessons if you're interested.


Okay, so the big idea here is AI


developer workflows. It's building


systems that build systems. We're not


touching the application layer anymore.


We're touching the agentic system, the


agentic layer that builds it on our


behalf. Okay? So, if you want to pay to


play, you want to get a big advantage


that again thousands of engineers that


you know of and have heard of at


companies you know the names of, they


are in here and they have gotten the


advantage and they are getting the


advantage, right? It's tactical agent


coding is the first eight lessons you


can upgrade to agentic horizon to get


some upgradeable ideas. really big idea


there is of course multi- aent


orchestration but agent experts is


turning out to be a massively banger


idea a massively important idea for


engineering in the age of agents if you


want to build true specialists that


outperform out of the box agent anyway


lots more in there's a very clear 30-day


refund before you start lesson 4. So if


you don't like my style or you're not


getting the core of it it's fine I don't


want you in here if you don't want to be


30-day refund before you start lesson 4.


This is going to be linked in the


description for you. Also, I recommend


if you vibe with the ideas here, if you


understand the ideas and you don't want


to jump in the tactical agent coding


right away, check out this blog. I'll


link in the description as well,


thinking in threads. It covers a lot of


the same ideas we've been discussing 99%


of everything I do here on this channel.


It's all free. It's out there for you to


understand and master agentic


engineering. If you made it to the end,


do me a favor, like this video, leave a


comment, and share it with your coworker


before your competition sends it to


theirs. You know where to find me every


single Monday. Stay focused and keep


building.